[MUSIC PLAYING]
ROB DODSON: Hey
there, polycasters!
Rob here, interrupting your
regularly scheduled program
to bring you this.
It's the Chrome
Developers Summit,
and it's going on right
now, unless you're
watching this in the future.
But either way,
all of the content
is available up on the Chrome
Developers YouTube channel.
We've got talks from
Paul Lewis and Paul Irish
on building performant
web apps, Alice Boxhall
talks about accessibility,
and Taylor Savage
and yours truly about
building progressive web
apps using Polymer.
So definitely go check
that out, and I'll
catch you back here next
week for a brand-new episode
of Polycast.
[MUSIC PLAYING]